README.md, before:

# SplashBuddy Web Template
A cleanly styled and animated web template for you all to use in SplashBuddy. Feel free to re-brand to match your organisation's branding.

SplashBuddy is available here!
https://github.com/Shufflepuck/SplashBuddy

## Video
https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/PublicDemo720.mov

## Screenshots
![Initial Shot](https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/1.jpeg)
![Additional Screen](https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/2.jpeg)
![Additional Screen](https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/3.jpeg)
![Additional Screen](https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/4.jpeg)

## Installation
The presentation.bundle in this repository must be copied into /Library/Application\ Support/SplashBuddy/ in order for it to function. Simply use this bundle when you're building your SplashBuddy package and you're good to go.

## Notes
The WebView is setup with  fullPage.js and Animate.css plugins for smooth scrolling, text animation and slide based formatting. Can be customised heavily for anyone who wants to.

## Contact
- Mac Admins Slack: @ryanslater
- Mail: ryan@ryanslater.co.uk
- Web: https://ryanslater.co.uk

Commit message:

Added Version with Snake!
Given choice between version with built in Snake game, and one without.

README.md, after:

# SplashBuddy Web Template
A cleanly styled and animated web template for you all to use in SplashBuddy. Feel free to re-brand to match your organisation's branding.

SplashBuddy is available here!
https://github.com/Shufflepuck/SplashBuddy

## Video
https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/PublicDemo720.mov

## Screenshots
![Initial Shot](https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/1.jpeg)
![Additional Screen](https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/2.jpeg)
![Additional Screen](https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/3.jpeg)
![Additional Screen](https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/4.jpeg)

### Now with Snake!
![Additional Screen](https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/5.png)
![Additional Screen](https://github.com/ryanslater-uk/SplashBuddyWebTemplate/blob/master/Resources/6.png)

## Installation
Choose the version of the Presentation.bundle you prefer in this repository must be copied into /Library/Application\ Support/SplashBuddy/ in order for it to function. Simply use this bundle when you're building your SplashBuddy package and you're good to go.

## Notes
The WebView is setup with  fullPage.js and Animate.css plugins for smooth scrolling, text animation and slide based formatting. Can be customised heavily for anyone who wants to.

## Contact
- Mac Admins Slack: @ryanslater
- Mail: ryan@ryanslater.co.uk
- Web: https://ryanslater.co.uk
